mine Roman armies have been destroyed by
Spartacus
Spartacus a motion picture unequal in
the entire history of filmmaking
unlikely ever to be served
in the tenderness and beauty of its love
story nothing was spared to make
Spartacus the superb achievement it is
neither time nor money nor talent for in
Spartacus you will see the finest cast
ever assembled relive history's most
exciting and inspiring drama starring
Kirk Douglas as Spartacus slave
gladiator invincible fighter Laurence
Olivier as Crassus symbol of Rome's
majesty and might I offer glory I'm
after Spartacus
gene Simmons says the slaver inia whose
body was bought and sold but whose love
enveloped Spartacus with a radiance few
men have known Charles Laughton as
Gragas the leader of the Roman Senate
Peter used to know this Batiatus shrewd
and devious dealer in human flesh
John Gavin is julius ceaser ambitious
staff officer and Tony Curtis is
Antoninus who loved Spartacus like a
brother in the powerful story of the
gladiator rebel who sprang from slavery
to challenge the awesome might of
Imperial Rome the symbol of the Senate
are the power of Rome I imagine a God
for space I pray what you pray for
I pray for a son who'll be born free